## Topics
As my posts, I decided to write something based on neuroscience. Nowadays, neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence applications of it are popular topics. I started to write two posts about two common brain diseases (Alzheimer and migraine) along with AI usage in early tracking of Alzheimer using speech patterns. Moreover, I wrote two posts about the ways you can boost your brain and have a healthier brain. In high school, I had made posts, posters and videos about neuroscience and brain, but the main reason for why I chose these topics is greatly related to Linkedin. Before writing my posts, I was bumped into many posts related to brain health, neuroscience and AI which made me interested to go through it and read articles and papers about it on Linkedin.

 As for my first post which is about Alzheimer, I got the first idea reading a paper published on Neuroscience News Linkedin page which appealed really nice and encouraging to me. In my second post, I have written about effects of physical activity and how it actually helps brain to be healthier and more efficient. The idea was also inspired by two papers published on Linkedin by University of Eastern Finland and Cleveland Clinic. In my third post which is about another brain disease called migraine, I have indicated the overwhelming facts of this disease. As someone interested about neuroscience, I was really curious about this world-wide spread problem and I found it really useful to write about it and to help people have better understanding of it. Again, using Linkedin and reading posts by Harvard Health Publishing and Neuroscience News, I was able to understand the effects of nutrition on brain health and write about it as my fourth post. There were many other neuroscience-related papers, articles and topics, that it was actually hard for me to choose the best and easily-understandable topics. Every day, I become more interested about brain and neuroscience, so I try to widen my knowledge in this sphere. Especially about applications of AI in this sphere which I believe we will see a lot more in future. I hope my blog posts as well as my automation project are well enough and comprehensive to satisfy the readers.             
